small edits on the main page (#88)
nordic-rse/nordic-rse.github.io: index.md

### What is a research software engineer?

A growing number of people in academia **combine expertise in programming with an
intricate understanding of research**. Although this combination of skills is
extremely valuable, RSEs often lack a formal place in the academic
system: they may produce less papers than a researcher, their code is less
formal than a software developers', and career recognition is

> correspondingly low.  The term "Research Software Engineer" is an attempt

Reviewer: Perhaps we point out that fewer as first author.  and they may contribute to many papers and not appear an them!

Author: Good point. I will add it to this PR.

### What is a research software engineer?

A growing number of people in academia **combine expertise in programming with an
intricate understanding of research**. Although this combination of skills is
extremely valuable, RSEs often lack a formal place in the academic
system: they may produce fewer first-author papers than a researcher,

> and they may contribute to many papers and not appear in them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and they may contribute to many papers and not appear as a
author beyond a minor acknowledgement!
```
